From:	Poenar Daniel Puiu (Assoc Prof)
Sent:	Friday, 4 June 2021 12:37 PM
To:	Alan Wong ???, UV Clever
Subject:	RE: Quotation for Optan 235nm UVC LED & others

Importance:	High

                                                            Dear Mr. Alan Wong,
               Thank you very much for your info and the Quotation, it is much appreciated.

               Finally, please allow me to make a clarification, which actually I had already mentioned to the 
Crystal IS gentleman when I corresponded with him, see below one of the initial messages. Anyway, 
here you have it again:
       As I mentioned in my initial inquiry, at this stage I am putting up a project proposal. This means I 
do not want to falsely raise your hopes that I would place order very soon, because we are only in a very 
incipient stage in building up the project proposal. The assessment and approval can be very lengthy (as 
you can expect from a govt. institution), because we will have to wait/secure in succession 
approvals/signatures & feedbacks from all the levels: Centre director, Division head, Research Chair, 
School Chair, Research Office, and then the funding institution itself.  But the quotation is absolutely 
vital because if we don’t use actual recent quotations with which to justify the costs for each of the 
budget items, the proposal bounces back to us until we get them. I even had the not so jolly experience 
that -because the entire approval process was so slow- the quotation’s validity expired in the meantime 
and I had to repeatedly ask 3 or even 4 times for the same quotations! This was only one incident, 
usually I didn’t have any other problems and 1 quotation was enough and only sometimes had to ask for 
a 2nd one. Nevertheless, I thought it is much better to let you know that, just in case I may need to 
bother you again with another quotation request, it is not because I want to waste your (and my) time, 
simply have to comply to our beaurocratic rules.
               Thank you very much and keep your fingers crossed for us to navigate easily thru the entire 
process.
               With best wishes,
               Daniel

From: Alan Wong ???, UV Clever <alan.wong@uvclever.com>  
Sent: Thursday, 3 June 2021 9:09 PM 
To: Poenar Daniel Puiu (Assoc Prof) <EPDPuiu@ntu.edu.sg>; 'Alan Wong' <alanymwong@gmail.com> 
Subject: ??: Quotation for Optan 235nm UVC LED & others

Hi, Dr. Puiu, 

Thanks for your response. 

Enclosed the below files for your reference, 
-	UVC spec sheet (zip file)
-	Official quotation sheet (NY_University20210603)
-	Certificate FY2021 ( The Distributor Authorizing Letter from AKM) ; just in case, you 
need any certification in purchasing process. 

Please noted, the quote based on 10pcs MOQ, if you demand any Qty below 10pcs, I may 
need to revise the quotation accordingly. 

Once you  confirming your purchasing, I will provide you another Performa Invoice, which 
including my bank account for your purchasing dept to execute payment. If you need 
anything else, please feel free to let me know. 

Best regards
Alan Wong 

???: Poenar Daniel Puiu (Assoc Prof) <EPDPuiu@ntu.edu.sg>  
????: 2021?6?3? 12:51 
???: Alan Wong <alanymwong@gmail.com>; Alan Wong ???, UV Clever 
<alan.wong@uvclever.com> 
??: RE: Quotation for Optan 235nm UVC LED & others

                                             Dear Mr. Alan Wong,
               I got both your e-mails ??.
               Yes, preferably the 340 nm LED should also be with ball lens. For all can consider 10 pieces of 
each type. Please also include the packaging & shipping costs in your quotation.
               Thank you and am looking forward to your quotation.
               Best wishes,
               Daniel

From: Alan Wong <alanymwong@gmail.com>  
Sent: Thursday, 3 June 2021 12:28 PM 
To: Alan Wong ???, UV Clever <alan.wong@uvclever.com>; Poenar Daniel Puiu (Assoc Prof) 
<EPDPuiu@ntu.edu.sg> 
Subject: Re: Quotation for Optan 235nm UVC LED & others

Dear Dr. Puiu, 

I am the distributor of Crystal IS OPTAN LED in Asia, I sent you an email yesterday. Because my working 
email server is located in mainland China; just in case, your server block my email, I am resending you 
the below email from my personal email. 

Please kindly reply my mail to both of my email address, and looking forward to hearing from you soon. 

Best regards
Alan Wong 

Alan Wong ???, UV Clever <alan.wong@uvclever.com> ? 2021?6?3? ?? ??12:23???
 
 
???: Alan Wong ???, UV Clever <alan.wong@uvclever.com>  
????: 2021?6?2? 18:49 
???: 'EPDPuiu@ntu.edu.sg' <EPDPuiu@ntu.edu.sg> 
??: RE: Quotation for Optan 235nm UVC LED & others 
???: ?
 
Dear Dr. Puiu, 
 
I got your inquiry from Mr. Sueyoshi of AKM Japan; my name is Alan Wong, the 
distributor of OPTAN product in Asia. I will be supporting your demand from now on. 
 
Before I provide you the official quotation, please kindly reply me the below info. 
 
1.	Consignee/Recipient details on quotation.
2.	For 340nm LED, you prefer TO packaging Ball-Lens type, or SMD type? 
 
Looking forward for your prompt reply. 
 
Thanks and regards
 
Best regards
??? | Alan Wong          
Mob?+8615502145389
 
 
 
Pacific Pioneer Inc
3/F, #208 Dong Hai Street, 800 Kaohsiung, Taiwan
 
The information contained in this message may be confidential and legally protected under applicable law. The message is intended solely 
for the addressee(s). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use, forwarding, dissemination, or reproduction 
of this message is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by return e-mail 
and destroy all copies of the original message.
 
 
???: ?????(Sueyoshi, Shogo) <sueyoshi.sb@om.asahi-kasei.co.jp>  
????: 2021?6?2? 16:28 
???: Alan Wong????) , UVClever <alan.wong@uvclever.com> 
??: ?????(Nakagawa, Daisuke) <nakagawa.db@om.asahi-kasei.co.jp>; ???(Wang, 
Everett) <wang.eb@om.asahi-kasei.co.jp> 
??: FW: Quotation for Optan 235nm UVC LED & others 
???: ?
 
Hi Alan,
 
We got inquiry of Optan from Nanyang University in Singapore.
 
Please contact them and support.
 
Kind regards,
 
Shogo
 
From: Poenar Daniel Puiu (Assoc Prof) <EPDPuiu@ntu.edu.sg>  
Sent: Tuesday, June 1, 2021 5:00 PM 
To: ?????(Sueyoshi, Shogo) <sueyoshi.sb@om.asahi-kasei.co.jp> 
Subject: Quotation for Optan 235nm UVC LED & others 
Importance: High
 
                                             Dear Shogo Sueyoshi,
               Thank you for your reply and the info that you provided me. I would like to ask you if you can 
please kindly make up a quotation for all the following products:
*	Optan 235nm UVC LED (the same one that you sent me info about), 
*	OPTAN-255J-BL, and 
*	OPTAN-275L-BL.
For the quotation can consider 10 pieces of each type. If you do have also at LED with 
typ. emission peak at 340 nm (or thereabout), I am also very interested, so please can 
add that in the quotation as well. Also, please include the packaging & shipping costs as 
well.
 
               Finally, please allow me to make a clarification. As I mentioned in my initial inquiry, at this 
stage I am putting up a project proposal. This means I do not want to falsely raise your hopes that I 
would place order very soon, because we are only in a very incipient stage in building up the project 
proposal. The assessment and approval can be very lengthy (as you can expect from a govt. institution), 
because we will have to wait/secure in succession approvals/signatures & feedbacks from all the levels: 
Centre director, Division head, Research Chair, School Chair, Research Office, and then the funding 
institution itself.  But the quotation is absolutely vital because if we don’t use actual recent quotations 
with which to justify the costs for each of the budget items, the proposal bounces back to us until we 
get them. I even had the not so jolly experience that -because the entire approval process was so slow- 
the quotation’s validity expired in the meantime and I had to repeatedly ask 3 or even 4 times for the 
same quotations. This was only one incident, usually I didn’t have any other problems and 1 quotation 
was enough, but is better to let you know that, just in case I may need to bother you again with 
another quotation request, it is not because I want to waste your (and my) time, simply have to comply 
to our beaurocratic rules.
 
               Thank you very much and am looking forward for your quick feedback with the 
quotation!
               With best wishes,
               Daniel
 
From: ?????(Sueyoshi, Shogo) <sueyoshi.sb@om.asahi-kasei.co.jp>  
Sent: Sunday, 30 May 2021 9:29 PM 
To: Poenar Daniel Puiu (Assoc Prof) <EPDPuiu@ntu.edu.sg> 
Subject: Optan 235nm UVC LED
 
Dear Poenar Daniel,
 
Thank you for inquiring our product.
I am Shogo Sueyoshi, I am Marketing manager of UVC LED, belonging to Asahi Kasei Corporation, which 
is a parent company of Crystal IS.
 
Regarding 235nm, this is still under development, but we certainly have SMD 235nm product.
Unfortunately, we don’t have any option such as Ball-lens, type.
 
Attached file is the provisional datasheet of 235 UVC LED.
Sample is available, so if you want, I will ask our distributors to quote it.
 
Please let me know if you have any questions.
 
Regards,
 
Shogo Sueyoshi
Sales and Marketing
 
? 
 
 
 
??????? ?????????????????
UVC???????????????
Asahi Kasei Corporation
Marketing & Innvoation, 
UVC Project, Marketing & Sales
 
100-0006 ????????????????????????
1-1-2 Yurakucho, Chiyoda, Tokyo, 100-0006, JAPAN
 
MOBILE: +81-(0)70-2189-9699
TEL: +81-(0)3-6699-5656 
FAX: +81-(0)3-6699-3938
 