From:	Poenar Daniel Puiu (Assoc Prof)
Sent:	Tuesday, 8 June 2021 1:27 PM
To:	Hongbai Lao
Subject:	RE: Inquiry about a possible product

                                             Dear Lao Hongbai,
               Thank you for your quick reply. Please allow me to have 2 quick remarks:
1)	I am a bit surprized that the “long” part is worrying you (if my impression is correct). From 
what I have seen at other companies on the Net, this is not the problem: I saw there are 
filters with very high transmission all the way from the visible way into the NIR covering 
even the telecom wavelength of 1.5 microns. Compared to this, my filter’s high transmission 
band that should cover only up to  800 or 780 nm (or even less, as I stated earlier) is rather 
puny. Much more critical is to have a very high transmission within this passband, as high as 
possible, because -as you probably guessed- the filter will be used for some fluorescence 
application and we don’t want to lose anything from the very weak fluoresced radiation 
(which also indicates that the substrate does not need to have good UV qualities but should 
rather have a bloody high transmission throughout the entire visible range).
What I found to be extremely difficult instead, was to ensure the reflectivity range to be 
wide enough and -again- with R high enough. Even a small leakage is undesired not only 
for safety reasons, or to avoid false signals picked by detector, but also because if the 
substrate is not of UV quality (for the reason stated above) then the UV radiation in time 
may slowly degrade its optical qualities,. i.e. will break down its chemical composition 
and its optical transparency will slowly degrade in time.  So the requirements for the 
SHORT wavelength range -both in terms of VERY HIGH reflectivity and bandwidth (from 
230 to 380/400 nm)- are much more critical, at least in my opinion – but please let me 
know if I am wrong/your opinion.
2)	Yes, the price is rather steep, will definitely need to discuss with my project collaborators. 
However, if you don’t mind, can you please be a bit more specific? I remember when I was a 
student, in order to make us accurate and specific in our exprimation as engineers one of 
our profs told us neve to use fuzzy vague expression like “approximate”, “about” or 
“around”. To exemplify he asked us: “If your boss tells you will receive a ‘good’ (or ‘large’) 
bonus, what does it mean? 10,000$? 1,000? 100? 1$? ??”
Likewise, in this case how much would be the cost? $4111? Or $6999?

               Thank you for your time and am looking forward for your feedback!
Best wishes,
               Daniel


From: Hongbai Lao <hongbai.lao@iridian.ca>  
Sent: Tuesday, 8 June 2021 3:53 AM 
To: Poenar Daniel Puiu (Assoc Prof) <EPDPuiu@ntu.edu.sg> 
Subject: RE: Inquiry about a possible product

Hi Poenar,
 
Thanks for your inquiry. For such a long pass edge filter, it has to be a custom filter. Typically a custom 
filter will cost you about $6000USD. Do you think you have the budget for a custom filter. 
 
Regards,
Hongbai
 
Hongbai Lao, Ph.D.
Account Manager
Iridian Spectral Technologies
T: (613) 709-9518
E: hongbai.lao@iridian.ca
An ISO 9001:2015 Certified Company
 
From: Poenar Daniel Puiu (Assoc Prof) <EPDPuiu@ntu.edu.sg>  
Sent: June 7, 2021 5:55 AM 
To: istsales <istsales@iridian.ca> 
Subject: Inquiry about a possible product 
Importance: High
 
[EXTERNAL EMAIL]
 
                                             Dear Lady/Sir,
               My name is Poenar Daniel and I am an Assoc.Prof. in the EEE School of NTU, Singapore. I would 
like to know if you have available or if it is possible for you to fabricate a UV-vis long-pass dichroic 
mirror, although maybe a more appropriate name would be edge filter because the ideal desired 
operation should be for an AOI of 0°, NOT 45° as is typical with normal applications for dichroic mirrors 
(e.g. in a filter cube). 
               The specs for this filter are: high reflectivity (R>90%) in the UV (between 230 nm and 380 or400 
nm) and high transmissivity (T>90%)  in the visible range (between approx.380 or 400 nm and 750...780 
nm).  If the latter too tough (i.e. too difficult/impossible to reconcile both rejection & transmission 
windows requirements simultaneously), the vis range transmission window's long wavelength limit can 
be reduced down to 600 nm or even 550 nm if really necessary.
               If you have/can do it, then please kindly send me a quotation for it, including the cost of 
packaging & shipping.
               Thank you for your help and am looking forward for your quick feedback !
               With best wishes,
               Poenar Daniel
 
 
CONFIDENTIALITY: This email is intended solely for the person(s) named and may be confidential 
and/or privileged. If you are not the intended recipient, please delete it, notify us and do not copy, use, or 
disclose its contents.  
Towards a sustainable earth: Print only when necessary. Thank you. 
