From:	Matthew J Sydor <Matthew@sydor.com>
Sent:	Tuesday, 8 June 2021 10:09 AM
To:	Poenar Daniel Puiu (Assoc Prof); WebSales
Subject:	RE: [EXTERNAL] - 'epdpuiu@ntu.edu.sg' submitted the form from your 'Contact Us' page

Hi Poenar,

Thanks for reaching out! So we don’t make any filters in our facility, we usually buy them from the filter 
houses; Hoya, Schneider, Scott, etc. I would recommend reaching out to them to see if they have what 
you’re looking for. Have you tried Edmund Optics or Thor Labs? 

Let me know and I’d be happy to help you find the filters.

Matthew Sydor
Program Manager
 
Sydor Optics, Inc 
31 Jetview Drive, Rochester, NY 14624 
Office: 585.271.7300 
Mobile: 585.305.6717
Email: Matthew@sydor.com
ITAR Registered - ISO 9001:2015 Certified
 
“Our World is Flat” Custom Flat-Surfaced, Parallel & Wedged Optics

www.sydor.com
 
Information contained herein may be subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulation (22C.F.R.120-130) of the United States of America. 
Neither this information, nor any portion of the information contained herein, may be exported, released or disclosed to any foreign entity or 
foreign national inside or outside of the United States without first obtaining required U.S. Government approval or a validated export license. 
A violation of the ITAR may be subject to a penalty, and or fine, under 22USC2778. Include this notice with any reproduced section of this 
document. Diversion contrary to U.S. law is prohibited.

From: Contact Form <contactform@bigcommerce.com>  
Sent: Monday, June 07, 2021 6:05 AM 
To: WebSales <websales@Sydor.com> 
Subject: [EXTERNAL] - 'epdpuiu@ntu.edu.sg' submitted the form from your 'Contact Us' page

'epdpuiu@ntu.edu.sg' submitted the form from your 
'Contact Us' page
A user has submitted the contact form on your store.
Here are their details:
Full Name:
Poenar Daniel
Email Address:
epdpuiu@ntu.edu.sg
Company Name:
EEE School, NTU, Singapore
Phone Number:

Order Number:

Dear Lady/Sir, 
My name is Poenar Daniel and I am an Assoc.Prof. in the EEE School of NTU. I would like to know if you have 
available or if it is possible for you to fabricate a UV-vis long-pass dichroic mirror, although maybe a more 
appropriate name would be edge filter because the ideal desired operation should be for an AOI of 0°, NOT 45° as 
is typical with normal applications for dichroic mirrors (e.g. in a filter cube).  
The specs for this filter are: high reflectivity (R>90%) in the UV (between 230 nm and 380 or400 nm) and high 
transmissivity (T>90%) in the visible range (between approx.380 or 400 nm and 750...780 nm). If the latter is too 
tough (i.e. too difficult/impossible to reconcile both rejection & transmission windows requirements simultaneously), 
the vis range transmission window's long wavelength limit can be reduced down to 600 nm or even 550 nm if really 
necessary. 
If you have/can do it, then please kindly send me a quotation for it, including the cost of packaging & shipping. 
Thank you for your help and am looking forward for your quick feedback ! 
With best wishes, 
Poenar Daniel 
P.S.: What is not transmitted should be reflected & viceversa, i.e. ideally no absorption at all wavelengths.
Sydor Optics Online Store  
https://shopsydor.com/
 
 
